README: add MacPorts install info (#698)
anchore/grype: README.md

**Note**: Currently, Grype is built only for macOS and Linux.

### MacPorts

> On macOS, Grype can additionally be installed via [MacPorts](https://www.macports.org):

Reviewer: Since this is not an official package (and not signed) we should denote this:
```suggestion
On macOS, Grype can additionally be installed from the [community maintained MacPort](https://ports.macports.org/port/grype/):
```
